V2.20

OTHERS:

VOICES:
Added vampire dialogue for voicetypes FemaleNord, FemaleCondescending, FemaleSultry, FemaleCommander and FemaleYoungEager. These vampiric dialogues will play only if The Bloodstone Chalice quest are completed.

NPCS:
Auto-calc stats are activated to some NPCs.
Assaulting to NPC member on Thieves Guild will launch Reparations quest. Next assaulting to NPC Thieves Guild, system will send you to Main Menu if quest Reparations are active.

WORLD ENCOUNTERS:

LOCATIONS:

BUILDINGS:

FACTIONS:

QUESTS:
The Heart of Dibella quest script are re-worked.

SCENES:

FIXED BUGS:

Known Issues:
NPCs still can't share beds in your own house after you getting to married.
Some NPCs are still uses dark face.
Some Dialogues are still unvoiced.
Some Scenes with Elisif the Fair was unvoiced.
DLC1FemaleVampire some voices from Vanilla are still unvoiced.

COMING SOON:
Will be added Dawnguard Patrols on entire Skyrim. Patrols from Dawnguard will be available since at beginning the game, but patrols from Volkihar Clan Vampires will be disabled at beginning the game. Once quest Destroying the Dawnguard are completed, all patrols from Dawnguard will be replaced to Volkihar Clan Vampires.
After completing quest Kindred Judgment in the Dawnguard side only, Order of the Virtuous Blood will be begin to reforming and will protect people from Vampires. Also Generic NPCs from Dawnguard will arrive in all cities and protect people from Vampires.
If you complete quests Kindred Judgment and Destroying the Dawnguard in the Vampire side, Generic NPCs Vampires from Volkihar Clan will arrive in the all cities and protect cities from Dawnguard.
Zaria, Thonnir, Voldsea Giryon will be added to marriage candidate. You can marry Zaria and Voldsea Giryon by using only with console commands.
Imperial Guards will replace to Dawnguard Clan Guards on the Imperial faction excluding guards in Dwemer Museum.
We will add backup 2 members to Volkihar Clan, if they will die and a will to replacement to BackupAlias, where a happened to replacement from Stalf and Salonia Caelia are replaced to BackupAlias
New game will be required after changes some quests. If you will continue use save after upgrading plugin, this plugin will damage to your save.

Credits:
Vivid Eyes - Fissure Pack - TREBoy
Kalilies Brows - Kalilies
KS Hairdos SSE - Kalilies
Diablo 2 resurrected cursor - puffpund
Dibella's Shrine - superman22dr
Music DotA 2 - Valve